作者STAV72 (刁民黨黨務主委)看板Gossiping標題[新聞] 研究指出獸控傾向有助開發幼兒心智潛能時間Sat Nov 23 20:09:50 2024
備註請放最後面 違者新聞文章刪除

1.媒體來源:

外媒    medicalxpress

2.記者署名:

由普利茅斯大學發表

by University of Plymouth

3.完整新聞標題:

Animal characters can boost young children's psychological development, study
suggests

研究指出獸控傾向有助開發幼兒心智潛能

4.完整新聞內文:

Animal characters can boost young children's psychological development, study
suggests
by University of Plymouth

Children's books are full of animal characters whose antics capture the
hearts and inspire the imaginations of their young readers.

However, a new study has shown that iconic characters such as Peter Rabbit—
or Toad and Ratty from The Wind in the Willows—can also play an important
role in children's psychological development.

研究指出獸控傾向有助開發幼兒心智潛能
普利茅斯 大學

兒童讀物充滿了動物角色，它們的滑稽動作擄獲了小讀者的心，激發了他們的想像。

然而，一項新的研究表明，像《彼得兔》或《柳林風聲》中的蟾蜍和老鼠這樣的標誌性人
物也可以在兒童的心理發展中發揮重要作用。

The research explored the extent to which different non-human characters
influence children's theory of mind skills, which include the ability to read
and predict social changes in the environment through tone of voice, choice
of words, or facial expression.

For the study, more than 100 children aged between 5 and 10 were tested on
their theory of mind skills when presented with stories featuring animal
characters as opposed to those featuring human ones.

The study found that when faced with human characters, there was a clear
age-related progression, with older children consistently outperforming their
younger counterparts. In fact, Year 3 children performed better than the
researchers had predicted in the tests featuring human characters.

該研究探討了不同的非人類角色對兒童心理理論技能的影響程度，其中包括透過語氣、詞
彙選擇或臉部表情來解讀和預測環境中社會變化的能力。

在這項研究中，100 多名 5 歲到 10 歲的兒童接受了動物角色故事和人類故事的心理理
論技能測驗。

研究發現，當面對人類角色時，有明顯的年齡相關進展，年齡較大的孩子始終優於年齡較
小的孩子。事實上，三年級的孩子在人類角色測驗中的表現比研究人員預測的還要好。

However, in tests that involved animal characters, Year 1 participants were
able to match the scores achieved by pupils from Year 3, two years older than
them.

Writing in the Journal of Experimental Child Psychology, the researchers say
the findings highlight the importance of both human and non-human characters
for children's earliest development.

The research was led by Dr. Gray Atherton and Dr. Liam Cross, from the
University of Plymouth's School of Psychology.

然而，在涉及動物角色的測驗中，一年級的參與者能夠與比他們大兩歲的三年級學生所取
得的分數相匹配。

研究人員在《實驗兒童心理學雜誌》上撰文稱，這些發現凸顯了人類和非人類性格對於兒
童早期發展的重要性。

這項研究由普利茅斯大學心理學院的格雷·阿瑟頓博士和利亞姆·克羅斯博士領導。

Dr. Atherton, lead author on the new study, said, "Animals play a huge part
of children's stories, whether that is in books and comics or through TV and
film. We wanted to test if that is down to more than simply liking the
characters, and whether there are actual benefits of children learning
through watching or reading about animals and if this changes over time.

這項新研究的主要作者阿瑟頓博士說：「無論是在書籍和漫畫中，還是在電視和電影中，
動物在兒童故事中扮演著重要角色。我們想測試一下，這是否不僅僅是因為喜歡動物角色
，以及孩子們透過觀看或閱讀動物來學習是否有實際好處，以及這種情況是否會隨著時間
的推移而改變。

"Our findings showed that both human and non-human characters are important
in helping children interpret the world around them, and that they play
differing roles at different stages in their development. Adapting activities
and lessons in nurseries and the early school years to take that into account
could be hugely effective in helping to support their development."

「我們的研究結果表明，人類和非人類角色對於幫助兒童解釋周圍的世界都很重要，並且
他們在成長的不同階段扮演著不同的角色。調整托兒所和早期學年的活動和課程以適應這
一點考慮到這一點可以非常有效地幫助支持他們的發展。

The research builds on previous studies by Dr. Atherton and Dr. Cross
exploring factors which can influence the educational and social development
of people with autism and learning difficulties.

These have included initiatives showing that playing board and online games
can boost confidence among people with autism, and others highlighting that
people with dyslexia and dyscalculia show reduced bias against others based
on characteristics such as their disability, race or gender.

Based on the new research, the academics now intend to explore in more detail
if their findings could be used specifically to benefit children with such
conditions.

該研究建立在阿瑟頓博士和克羅斯博士先前的研究基礎上，探討了影響自閉症和學習困難
者的教育和社會發展的因素。

其中包括表明玩棋盤遊戲和線上遊戲可以增強自閉症患者信心的舉措，其他舉措則強調患
有閱讀障礙和計算障礙的人減少了基於殘疾、種族或性別等特徵對他人的偏見。

根據這項新研究，學者現在打算更詳細地探討他們的研究結果是否可以專門用於造福患有
此類疾病的兒童。

Dr. Cross added, "We believe this new study could have particular importance
for people with autism or other conditions which can impact their learning.
Working with teenagers in the past, we have noticed how tasks that involve
animal characters can result in autistic people performing just as well as
non-autistic children.

"It would be interesting to replicate our current study with autistic
children, to understand if we can find more effective ways to support them at
a critical point in their development."

克羅斯博士補充說：「我們相信這項新研究對於患有自閉症或其他可能影響他們學習的疾
病的人來說可能特別重要。在過去與青少年的合作中，我們注意到涉及動物角色的任務如
何導致自閉症患者的表現和非自閉症兒童一樣。

“將我們目前的研究與自閉症兒童進行重複，以了解我們是否可以找到更有效的方法來在
他們發展的關鍵時刻為他們提供支持，這將是很有趣的。”

More information: Gray Atherton et al, The wind in the willows effect: Does
age affect human versus animal faux pas recognition?, Journal of Experimental
Child Psychology (2024). DOI: 10.1016/j.jecp.2024.106116

Journal information: Journal of Experimental Child Psychology

更多資訊： Gray Atherton 等人，《柳林風聲效應：年齡會影響人類與動物的失禮識別
嗎？DOI：10.1016/j.jecp.2024.106116

期刊資訊： 實驗兒童心理學雜誌

5.完整新聞連結 (或短網址)不可用YAHOO、LINE、MSN等轉載媒體:

https://reurl.cc/1X4V7X

6.備註:

小戶川倒是比較可憐，獸化投入只為了治癒遭到重創的童年

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwHo-BBRQfk



---split---
推: 2
噓: 0
分數: 2
作者: STAV72 (刁民黨黨務主委)
標題: [新聞] 研究指出獸控傾向有助開發幼兒心智潛能
時間: Sat Nov 23 20:09:50 2024
